
Quick start:
------------

Host: chaos -s
(or Options, Net Play, Host, press 'D')
Host must tell each client his IP address.

Client: chaos -c <Host's IP Address>
(or Options, Net Play, Connect, press 'D'. File chaos.ip contains Host's IP address)


online mode
-----------

NB, when describing the keys, I use "GBA" terminology. So "the A key" is really
the D on the keyboard! I really should sort that out...

The beta online mode works as follows:

Player 1 should be host - to become a "Host", either start the game: chaos -s
or from the "OPTIONS" screen, go to Net Play, select HOST and press the A key
(D on the keyboard then...) Then start a game as usual.

Players 2+ should connect to the host. This is the tricky bit :(

They need to know the IP of the host. For example, "172.21.39.00". The host
must communicate his IP to each client using, e.g. email, IRC, MSN messenger... 
Then each player starts chaos like this: chaos --connect=172.21.39.00
replacing the IP value with the correct one as given by the host. 

An alternative to the command line is to create a file called "chaos.ip" in the
same directory as the main executable. Into this, write the IP address, and
nothing else. This file is read when you try to connect. Go to the OPTIONS
screen, Net Play, and select CONNECT - press A and wait. If all is well, the
words show white, otherwise they will be red and the connection has failed...

The Lobby
---------

When you start an online game, the "Lobby screen" replaces the usual "create
players" screen.

As Host: You can select the maximum number of players (2-8) and see who is
connected and who is ready to play.  Your wizard is the first on the list. You
may only chane the name, colour and image of this wizard.  When all players are
ready, press start.

As Client: Each client sees just his wizard. You may change the name, colour
and image. When you've made your choice, press start.

Spell Selection
---------------

After the Host starts, each player sees their "game menu" from which they can
examine the board, choose their spell or continue the game. When a player
chooses "Continue", they have to wait for everyone to finish their spell
selection.

Spell Casting 
-------------

This works the same as an offline game - each player casts his spell, and must
wait while the other players cast theirs. 

Movement
--------

Again, this is the same as in offline mode - each player moves his wizard and
creatures, while the others wait for their turn.




